Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Come on, Luke.
Oh, shit. Must be on a mission.
Gotcha.
Oh...
You told me
stay out of your yard.
Harlem is not your yard, boy.
It's mine.
You can't talk tough
if you can't breathe, eh?
Seen?
What's... What's...
My name?
They call me Bushmaster.
Who are you?
The stone the builders refused.
Luke.
Luke!
Damn, Luke. Shabba Ranks laid you out.
You all right?
Did you get a name?
"Bushmaster." Some shit like that.
You know them Jamaican niggas.
Couldn't tell
if he was singing or talking.
Please leave your message for 718-555...
Oh.
You look hungover. You okay?
- You look like you had the long night.
- Me? I woke up like this.
Whoa. What happened?
I got ambushed by this Jamaican cat
named Bushmaster.
He knocked me on my ass.
Well, did he have a supersuit?
No. He was just fast.
Unnaturally fast.
Well, he is Jamaican.
Wait a minute.
You telling me this cat was as strong
as you without any special equipment?
- I gotta find him.
- No. Hold up.
You don't look good. Let me call Claire.
Bobby...
don't.
Aw, come on, man. You went Eric Benét?
Really ain't your day, huh?
Sit down, man. You look concussed.
I've had worse when I was in high school.
Just... Just takes some time
to shake it off.
Yeah, well, don't take too long.
I'm just saying,
anyone who can take you on bare-handed
can't be good for Harlem.
I'mma go to a bodega and get some ice.
The freezer's busted.
You gotta be the only straight guy I know
who likes show tunes.
Do you know any?
Whoa, wait a minute.
You told me stay out of your yard.
- What?
- Harlem is not your yard, boy.
- Yo, run that back.
- It's mine.
Down goes Cage. Down goes Cage!
Excuse me?
A Harlem citizen was just assaulted,
and you're laughing?
Does anybody have a name
on the suspect, huh?
Bailey, I'm surprised at you.
- Look, I was just joking around.
- Mmm-hmm.
Misty, I mean, you weren't shocked
when Tyson finally lost?
I was five.
Ronda Rousey, then.
You know what Bailey means. Lighten up!
What's the problem?
Back to work.
Detective.
Did you see that tape on Luke Cage?
He got what my father would call
an old-fashioned ass-whooping.
And that doesn't concern you?
He made it clear. He has no use
or desire for police interference.
And we still don't have a lead
on Arturo "Rey" III's murderer.
Meanwhile, Nandi's over here singing
like she's Jennifer Holliday.
Bailey and Nandi just came off
another double homicide.
They can blow off steam and work the case.
I'll tell you this much.
I'm confident if you're out working
on your own on that Rey case,
or anything else freelance,
- you might as well not even come in.
- Mmm.
Where are you going?
Rehab, for my arm.
That's the genius of it all. It looked
like it was all Mark Higgins's idea.
Once properly motivated,
he saw the error of his ways.
Higgins's vote turned the tide
with the board.
The merger went through.
The Atreus stock that you purchased
was practically pennies on the dollar.
Your investment now, on paper,
worth $350 million.
And the more Atreus grows,
the more your money will grow.
Bitch better bring my money.
This is just the beginning.
You are on the precipice
of a whole new world.
How do you feel?
Abuzz with possibility.
Well, congratulations, Madam Councilwoman.
- HRH Mariah.
- Her Royal Highness.
What's next?
Just a few things.
You know, minor details.
Complexities I'm sure you don't want to be
bothered with right now.
Try me.
What's wrong?
Share the love.
You two are sitting here
having drinks at 10:00 a.m.,
talking about money that's invisible.
In my world,
if you can't touch it, it ain't real.
- I'm hearing him.
- Uh...
You don't wanna touch
this money right now.
Neither your street money
from the sales of your gun franchise,
or this new money from your shares.
Your liquid cash is offshore
in the Caymans, where it should be.
Chilling in the shade,
just in case the SEC, the IRS, the ATF,
or any other alphabet boys wanna holler.
Look, you've given me
limited power of attorney to insulate you.
Harlem's Paradise is part of that trust.
You put up the club?
We had to make it look like the club
was collateral for a loan
to invest in Atreus Plastics.
It covers our street money.
We're fine.
Hernan.
Y'all need to check this shit out.
Whoa!
Whoo!
It's a great day in Harlem, baby!
They call me Bushmaster.
Damn! Hate to see such a positive brother
like Luke Cage go down like that,
but as they say, the game is the game.
Everyone hits the canvas eventually.
Ali, Tyson, Frazier, Rousey, De La Hoya.
There's always another predator.
Someone faster. Someone better.
That's the New York state of mind, baby.
Personally, I embrace it.
Luke Cage gets the taste
smacked out of his mouth.
I got it all right here, exclusive.
Look, I love my brother Luke, huh?
We all do.
But this Jamaican cat makes
Diamondback look like Ben Carson.
You gotta see this shit in HD.
Yo...
Yo, I'm sorry, Luke.
Look, I got to make a living.
The video blew up.
ESPN bought it as an exclusive.
You're trending everywhere.
Come on, D.W.
I thought we were cool, man.
What is this, man?
We are. I'm your chronicler.
You think Howard Bingham
put the camera down when Ali lost?
Everybody wants to see the king
get knocked down.
I'm not a king, all right?
I don't...
I don't live my life
for other people's entertainment.
It's public domain, man.
The game is to be sold, not to be told.
Leaving town for a while?
Why?
I saw your girl Claire carrying luggage
outside her mom's place.
I thought you two might be
getting out of Harlem to lay low.
Don't blame you if you do.
Hey, yo! I got that Luke Cage, y'all,
that Jamaican nigga now playing, yo!
- We need to talk.
- About what?
I am not talking with him in here.
He's got my back, just like I have yours.
Let me make one thing crystal clear, Che.
You bust up in my office like that
ever again,
I will cut your balls off
and roll 'em like dice.
You gonna blow on 'em first?
What's so goddamn important?
The guy on TV who laid out Luke Cage
is the same guy that took over
the Yardies. Bushmaster.
You heard what he said on that video,
about his yard? He's talking about Harlem.
He's talking shit.
In one of the bags with money
was Nigel's head.
He's sending a message.
If Bushmaster is capable of taking down
Luke Cage with his bare hands,
what does he need our guns for?
Unless it's to weaken us.
We have $350 million.
We are done with this shit.
What if this shit ain't done with us?
I don't think Bushmaster
is in Harlem for Luke Cage.
I think he's in Harlem for you.
Probably some old beef with Cornell.
No.
No, this goes deeper than Cornell, baby.
I just saw your face
when I said "Bushmaster."
Let me in.
If I don't know everything,
I can't protect you.
Um, I don't know this guy.
I know that name.
It's some old business
with my grandfather.
Let's unload the rest of the gun inventory
and leave it behind us.
We can make a new history...
in Monte Carlo.
Dubrovnik. In Joburg. Anywhere.
No past. Just... Just future from now on.
Do you want to make a future, Hernan?
I would burn in hell for you, Mama.
You know that.
I like you hot.
You save the fire talk for later.
And you can stoke it.
Damn, nigga.
Just saying.
Excuse me. Can I help you?
This is Claire Temple's apartment.
Actually,
it's Claire's mother's apartment.
She's asked me to sublet it.
I'm Luke Cage.
I know who you are.
You're not welcome here
until I hear otherwise.
You're not on the lease.
She left you that.
My apologies for the damage.
Yo!
Guard the Paradise while I'm gone.
When I get back,
we go finish this deal with Bushmaster.
Till then, I need you to watch
Mariah's back for me. All right?
How does it feel, man?
What?
To have your nuts inside Mariah's purse.
Or does she roll 'em like dice?
Jamaica me crazy, huh?
Ha ha.
Bobby Fish told me I'd find you here.
I hate to say this, but you are a victim.
You wanna press charges?
You want him locked up?
Nah. I'll handle it myself.
I knew you'd say that.
What I'm about to show you
could cost me my job.
Yeah? What else is new?
You want to shadow me as I head
to Brooklyn in pursuit of a suspect?
No, you follow me.
But I'll accept the ride.
I met this guy
when I was looking for Nigel.
He's already made a play
on Mariah's arsenal.
You think he pushed Nigel out the way?
Well, now he's on my radar.
Your bag is packed,
you keep staring at that envelope
you just put back in your pocket.
You wanna talk about what happened
with Claire?
No.
Let me guess.
She was pissed about what happened with
Cockroach and how you lost your temper.
Hell, you probably scared her.
There's nothing to be afraid of.
She just has a different idea
of what it is to be a hero.
Sometimes,
you're gonna take the gloves off.
The rules of engagement
exist for a reason.
You used to be a cop. You remember that.
Since when did you change your name
to Iyanla Knight?
Hey, you the one living
out of a bag right now.
Can I... crash at your crib,
for a few nights?
Hell no.
What's with all the gear?
We all ain't bulletproof.
Now, we are just going in there
to observe.
No. I'm going in,
and you're gonna pursue me.
Wow. That was some real Ripley
in Aliens shit.
- I was going for Sarah Connor.
- You're gonna need a bigger sidearm.
They got grenades.
- Is there anything else you wanna tell me?
- No, that about covers it.
Are you sure this is the place?
The Yardies mush've felt the heat
and bounced.
What's that?
Candles, weed. I stopped the party.
I'll tell you that much.
You smell that?
Decomp.
You got PC?
Wait.
I hear voices in distress. Go ahead.
You do have a sworn duty to protect.
- Never gonna get used to that smell.
- Mmm-mmm.
Sweet Christmas.
Shit.
I gotta call this in.
First, I gotta think of a damn good reason
why a Harlem detective and Luke Cage
are standing over a headless body
in Brooklyn.
Just tell them you were following me.
- I'm always blamed for something anyway.
- Works for me.
Wait, won't that get you in trouble?
Eh.
My doghouse is a lot more comfortable
than the one you're in.
Touché.
What is it?
Alex thought
you might like a coffee.
Just leave it on my desk.
Did you spit in it?
You have something you want to say to me?
Shades told me about the deal
you two got going on with Piranha.
I was thinking maybe I could help.
I read a lot about stocks
when I was inside.
About valuations and risks, the benefits
of a fixed price offer versus tender.
Where prices are negotiable.
You know, shit like that.
You did time with Bernie Madoff?
I'm just saying, Ms. Dillard,
even if you put it in a three-piece suit,
street is still street.
Guys like Piranha move fast,
so you can never really track
what they're doing.
Do you know what he's doing?
He's making more money for me
than anybody in the history of my family.
Well, I'm just saying...
if you can't explain the scam
to a seven-year-old,
you're probably the one getting scammed.
Bye, Comanche.
Right now.
You don't scare me, lady.
I should.
No photographers.
Knight, is that you?
Tomas.
The only time
Harlem's favorite detective calls me
is when she needs me to cover?
Oh, come on.
You know we go deeper than that.
We did.
Listen, Luke, Tomas. Tomas, Luke.
Uh, he and I used to work zombie squad
back in Harlem.
- Nice to meet you.
- Likewise.
So, what were you two doing
snooping around an empty warehouse
in my neighborhood?
Last time I was here,
I had an encounter with the Yardies.
The Yardies? You sure about that?
Yeah. Why?
They're old school.
They fought Renkers and Spanglers
and the Shower Posse
for their share
of the drug and gun market.
By the time I got on the job,
we'd dismantled
most of the Yardies' leadership.
So, you think they're inactive?
Far from it. Just quieter.
They don't go by "the Yardies" anymore.
What are they called now?
Last I heard,
they were going by "the Stylers."
No style pon we.
It always changes.
Old versus new crew, a split,
difference of opinion.
But the violence is always the same.
The Stylers a priority now?
That torso we just picked up
comes back as Nigel Garrison, then yeah.
Hopefully,
this stays an internal Styler beef.
The last thing Brooklyn needs now
is a gang civil war
between two Jamaican factions.
Let alone getting into it
with the Haitians, Koreans,
Dominicans or anybody else.
Well, we think this guy
has something to do with it.
Do you know him?
John McIver, yes.
He's a bogeyman. Makes Jamaican bad men
wet the bed at night.
Started off as a baby Styler,
but rose his way up
through the ranks on his own.
- He's the new news.
- What's he doing here?
If he's chopping heads,
he's sending a message.
The Stylers are big time now.
If the Yardies are al-Qaeda,
the Stylers are ISIS.
Give me a sec.
Jesus Christ, Luke,
what have you gotten me into?
Bushmaster isn't just making a play
on Mariah's weapons. He's got other plans.
Hey, hey, you okay?
Do you need to sit down?
I'm fine.
The owner of this warehouse
is Gideon Shaw.
Traffic division picked up a Gideon Shaw
last week
for a busted tail light and gram of weed.
Didn't have papers.
Homeland Security flagged him
for his links to the Stylers.
Have they deported him yet?
Lucky for you, they haven't.
Shaw's being detained
at the ICE facility, Kearny Point.
Well, then we need to speak to him.
You and I can get in there easily.
I don't know about your homeboy.
- Isn't he an ex-con?
- He was framed.
Unless it was expunged,
there's nothing I can do.
He go on a bender or something?
You should go on the Internet
a little more often.
What's going on?
I'm headed to Jersey with Tomas.
I'll go to ICE and see
what I can get out of Shaw.
But you are headed home.
You look punchy as hell.
Fine.
Fine?
What? No epic disagreement?
I'm all talked out.
Thanks for the ride.
Luke.
Don't forget your bag.
You ain't coming to my place for it.
Hey, give Claire some time, okay?
I believe in y'all.
Combining all of these together?
Nightshade.
Can I help you?
I hope so.
You're here for pain reliever.
No.
I was actually wondering if you might have
sold something in one of these recently.
Well, yeah.
Any time I sell dried herbs,
which is many times a day,
I usually bag it up in one of those.
This would have been
to a large Jamaican man.
Those are half my customers.
Can I ask you a question?
Sure.
Do you know
where your strength comes from?
Well, it's a long story,
wrapped up in a lot of baggage.
Sometimes when we unpack baggage
and repack it, it's not as heavy.
Want to give it a try?
Well, I was the subject
of a prison experiment.
The only successful subject.
They were trying to accelerate the healing
of injuries on the battlefield.
What did they do to you?
Put me in a tank full of chemicals.
When I came out, I was stronger.
A lot stronger.
And my skin was tough. Bulletproof tough.
But still smooth.
May I?
That's good for your outsides,
that toughness.
Your skin is soft, like worn-in leather.
But it's what's on the inside
that really matters.
Here.
Drink that down.
It will help with your pain.
It tastes better than it smells.
Liar. Oh, what's in this?
Sweetsop, some kola nut, some basil.
It tastes awful, I'm sorry. But trust me,
it'll take the edge
off of that uppercut you took.
So you saw the video?
Who hasn't?
Like my mother says,
"The ghetto loves a good beatdown."
Everyone gets knocked down.
The only thing that matters
is getting back up.
Sounds like your mother and my father
had the same teachers.
Thanks.
Listen, even though you are who you are,
you might wanna get a MRI.
Is there anyone you can see?
No. Not right now at least.
But this herbal shot
is already doing the trick.
Still not enough
to heal a concussion.
I saw you squinting
the second you walked in here.
One of the most common symptoms
of a concussion is sensitivity to light.
Well, thank you for your time, Miss...
Tilda.
Yeah, I'll definitely remember that.
And if you see that guy again,
be sure to give me a call.
Yes, sir.
Bushmaster. What makes him so scary?
I hope you never have to find out.
This photo was taken last night in Harlem.
Why is he here from Jamaica?
The man on top of the hill.
What?
We grew up together.
Me, John and our bredren, Sheldon.
I'm like an older brother to John-John.
There was an elder, Anansi, a bushman,
who'd always tell John stories.
John would repeat one about two men.
The man on the top of the hill
and the man at the bottom.
The man on top thinks he's better
than the man below.
Why? Because the man at the top,
he doesn't want for anything.
His belly's always full.
His house his own.
He thinks he can't get attacked
because he can see all around.
But that doesn't bother the man
at the bottom of the hill, see?
Why not?
The man at the bottom knows,
at any time he wants,
he can walk up that hill, with his blade,
and cut off the big man's head
while he sleeps.
Why are you telling me this story?
John always talk about his mother
and father being wronged.
Wronged by those Yankees
who think they're superior.
Because they live on the top of the hill.
Bushmaster come back uptown.
Coming for what is his.
He's going to see the family
that live up on Sugar Hill.
He's going to take everything back
that's his. Every bloodclaat thing...
It's like the Bible.
Water destroyed the world last time.
This time... fire.
I would have thought you taller.
Would you like a drink?
Hmm.
I wanna thank you...
doing a public service for Harlem.
It's almost sad to see you
go back to Jamaica.
Or wherever it is you came from.
Harlem is beginning to feel like home.
I think I'll stay a while.
So much craftsmanship
went into this place.
You recently renovate?
We had no choice in the matter,
thanks to Luke Cage.
Yes.
You know who built the bar?
Who designed the interior?
No idea.
My grandfather Buggy
had it commissioned in the late '60s.
- He had a partner?
- Partners.
My grandmother Mabel Stokes
and my Uncle Pete.
Your people ever talk the name
Quincy Purcell McIver?
No. Must not have been that important.
You know,
history remembers queens and kings.
Not the flunkies.
You hear that?
What?
The talkin' blues.
Those are the ancestors you hear.
They remember.
You can't erase the past.
You can't burn it away.
That's the spell on you. That's magic.
Science in its purest form.
- I'm hearing no such thing.
- I think where you're standing...
is the best place to hear the music,
you know.
You can see everything.
You can touch it.
Mmm.
This rum is smooth. Specific.
Bushmaster.
You can't buy it anymore.
It's from a private stock.
Family recipe.
Only two men know
the secret of how to make it.
Both... dead.
Maybe some things are better left dead.
And frozen in the ice.
Old fire stick's easy to light.
Your arms will serve me well.
Pleasure doing business with you,
Ms. Stokes.
"Dillard," bitch.
You call me Stokes
one more goddamn time...
Enjoy your little time on the hill...
'cause life is so precious.
Precarious, too, you know.
Ray Ray, stay with Mariah.
Of course. I'm on her every step.
Where's Comanche? I left him in charge.
His mama called him. Needed something.
Janis called?
Hey.
Yes. Yes, yes!
- Yo! What's up? What's up? What's up?
- Yeah!
- Hello.
- John-John.
- Welcome, bredren.
- Jerome. Man, you aged terrible.
Hey, watch it now.
You took care of Luke Cage
in Harlem like he was nothing.
He says he's faster than Usain Bolt.
You know I had to correct him.
- Strong correction!
- Ooh!
Don't frown. Hey.
How you're back after all this time
and didn't check me?
You know I love you. Come.
What? You're mad, too?
I see you've gone up the hill.
Man, I set foot inside Harlem's Paradise
and I saw my kingdom.
- I even drank Bushmaster.
- Hmm.
See my past, I see my future.
Now that the guard dog is out of the way,
nothing else can stop me now.
Bam!
- I don't need money from you, Nephew.
- Hey.
Don't take nothing, don't ask for nothing
and I stay happy.
I insist.
Speak for yourself, old man.
Lord have mercy.
- More shots of rum.
- Double.
I'm risking my life talking to you.
- You don't have a choice.
- There's only so much I can do.
I can't do this overnight.
Mariah, she doesn't trust me at all.
What about your boy Shades?
It's the same with him, too.
They're connected and shit.
The purpose of you being back on the
streets is to infiltrate that connection,
not give me excuses as to why you can't.
There's only so much I can do.
If I push too hard,
Shades will know somethin' is up.
It's not my problem, brother.
That's a "your problem" kind of thing.
The quicker you give me the information
I need, the quicker I cut you loose.
What's new in the zoo?
It's "Misty."
"There are people who run from the fire
and people who run into it.
Call us when you're ready.
With love, Danny and Colleen."
Okay.
You shouldn't be sneaking up
on people like that.
The shape you're in right now, an elephant
with roller skates could sneak up on you.
You want the good news or the bad news?
I'm not sure I can stomach
any bad news right now.
Well...
the bad news is my daughter's sick.
Kidney problems.
She's all the way in San Diego.
How bad is it?
They say she needs a transplant.
Man, I'm sorry.
I barely know her. She was a baby
when her mother and I split.
But this is somethin' I wanna do.
Well, what's the good news?
Good news is we match.
I can be her donor.
I fly out tomorrow.
Wow.
She called me her hero.
Me.
I ain't gonna front, I lost it.
You must feel like that every day.
I'm happy for you, man.
We all gotta do our own part
in our own way, right?
Yeah.
You talk to Claire?
No.
I'm giving her some space.
I don't think she's the one
that needs the space, brother.
You know, I thought I figured out
how to handle this...
being two Luke Cages.
There's only one problem with that.
There's only one of you.
As long as you're being pulled
in so many different directions, you're...
you're going to lose your temper.
Every man struggles with that.
But I'm not every man.
Precisely my point.
You're a grown-ass man, yes.
But you're also a grown-ass man
who can throw a Volkswagen.
So you have to be more careful
than your average man,
'cause if you lose your shit,
people's lives could be at stake.
Are you sleeping here?
Do you mind?
Ask Pops if it's cool.
He'd tell me to get a hotel.
That's right. That's about the only
good thing about him not being here.
That and not washing that damn window
every morning.
Well, I guess this is it.
For now, anyway.
Luke, if you need anything...
Don't... Don't worry about me, man.
Go be a hero.
Right back at you, brother.
We're closed, man.
I'm sorry. Are you Carl Lucas?
Who's asking?
Mr. Lucas, I'm a process server with
the Superior Court of New York County.
You've been served.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org